Grandpa, I respect you
Thank you for raising me as a child
So I won't be more reluctant to give in to you, you and I know my parents can be happy too
But I slowly found happiness in the same love as Xu Shi
I was afraid of love from the beginning, and gradually I became obsessed with wanting to be with me for the rest of my life
Grandpa, I'm serious.
Please agree with us to be together.
You are really my good grandson.
I gave up my family and career for a bitch
You are better than your father
More promising
Grandpa, I can give up everything for Xu Shiyang
Please don't misunderstand Shi Yang.
He's a good woman.
Humph good woman
Good woman was stripped naked for interview
A good woman will sleep with you for money
Why do you have to think about it now?
Maybe it's the wrong way we met
But it doesn't stop us from loving each other
What love or not
When you walked out of the Zhou family penniless
See if he is still willing to be with you
I don't want you to have your parents' followers
Okay, I'll give you two options today.
Or you separate from that woman
Or you give up all the properties of the Zhou family
Think about it for yourself
I don't have to think about it.
I won't follow in my parents' footsteps
I'm leaving the lottery now
I believe in myself.
Trust him too
You believe him?
I also believe that you will come back to me.
When you step out of the Zhou family's door
I will use all my connections
No one dares to help you
When you are penniless and have no money
Are you really going to deliver takeout?
What's wrong with delivering takeout?
Grandpa, take care of yourself.
What sin am I doing?
How can there be children and grandchildren like you?
Boss, go and give the old man a soft dress.
Miss Xu's affairs take your time
There is no need to leave the Zhou family
I can only choose one of Zhou's Group and Xu Shiyang
Otherwise, grandpa will definitely be right
Shi Yang started it
Don't worry, the important things of eggs cannot be separated from you.
Work hard, but you don't have a penny in your pocket
What do you eat? It's not easy to find a job if you have hands and feet
I am the president of Zhou Da
Which company dares to use you when you go for an interview?
Even if you leave home
There's no need to take off the watch
This is the watch you bought me last time you went to Paris. It's worth hundreds of thousands.
I don't want you. You're not my boss anymore
I can still afford a gadget worth hundreds of thousands.
Said I don't want it anymore
Oh, thank you.
Thank you for what?
It's not that Miss Xu is too amazing
He's going to starve to death